# Beyond WWDC

I like to open-source my work. I almost open-sourced all the programs I wrote, publishing videos alongside to explain them, which allows others to learn from my code and for me to learn from others when they contribute. I published EFStorage, a Swift Package that utilizes property wrappers, dynamic replacement, dynamic member lookup, and some other features. Once, a friend asked me what’s a real use of the Swift #error compiler directive, so I pointed him to this library, showing him how it is useful for checking dependencies in addition to just #warning about something TODO next.

I continue to contribute to other open-source projects, such as OneBusAway by adding dark mode and reader mode. I co-maintain repositories like EFQRCode, the generation library that add support for creating QRCodes natively watchOS. I updated it to use type-safe CIFilters introduced last year, and for people who didn’t know about this new CIFilter features, I also published an article on bilibili and shared the article on social media with instructions on how they can adopt this new API as well.

And at the University of Washington, a lot of people pick up interest in CS. As I can learn course materials quickly, my friends ask me for guidance and help when they want to learn how to make apps. While answering those questions is fun, I seek a more efficient way. Therefore, in addition to my Untectled (tech podcast) through HUA Voice Radio, I co-founded UWAppDev. After winning the UW hackathon top 3 for writing a Swift + CoreML smart diary app, I convinced my team to establish this mobile development club with me, sharing what we know with the community. Our weekly lectures cover topics like cross-platform development with Swift and SwiftUI, in addition to our office hours allocated for helping club members with their apps. We also organized a hackathon last winter, offering workshops on algorithms, cloud computing, and more in addition to mobile app development. And we bridge them with opportunities such as volunteering for CovidSafe, an open-source mobile app by the University of Washington. While working on this project, I constantly remind team members about user consent and privacy as it reads sensitive information.

Our family friend asked me to tutor his son Jerry on how to write iOS apps. When I talked to him about the Swift Student Challenge, he is genuinely interested and worked hard on his SpriteKit game. However, due to time constraints, he’s not able to finish it in time. If I win the Swift Student Challenge this year, I wish to share my pins with him and other club members like him who attempted but couldn’t make it, recognizing their efforts, and inspiring them to try again next year.
